what's up people I'm actually making a
video could you guys know the tomorrow
coca we're live in Japan's can be hidden
one of the biggest typhoons in history
so if you don't see videos from me know
why because we actually bracing
ourselves for a huge typhoon is he
coming could check out on Google now
today i'll talk to you guys about a few
stories that came out the first time
being the bioshock is actually working
on a remastered edition the developers
have the game in place together with the
this everyone was actually working the
game and they are trying to force 2k to
make a deal with Sony to actually get
the game up they want to make a
remastered question for addition of
course the after Microsoft can get
involved as well so this shows you that
I don't understand why from we went from
the PlayStation watch the place into we
had no remastered shit we went from the
ps2 to the ps3 we had no remastered shit
yes you do get some collection games
that come off like four games get put
into one disc if you look at what the
xbox brand is doing with halo there was
no individual titles just one title
being changed and just making a diss
parting it to the next system let's
don't even say the word changed so
what's actually happening now if you
look at Bioshock these guys are trying
to a cash grab they want your money and
if you look at what they're doing with
last of us the same thing they trying to
do with the beyond two souls all these
same playstation 3 experiences that you
had these guys are trying to play into
the position for and I feel like this is
this green backwards this is not
next-gen if you're going to go and
create like just pots you telling people
that you're not ready to make games for
the future why are you calling it
next-gen let everybody let's go back and
plug fish and three because you guys are
lazy as fuck and also I want to make
another point this end of this video
which is basically why isn't talking
about people are saying oh the South
process of it's very hard to develop
games for it and now you got the game's
operation 3 all of a sudden it's so easy
to make them onto the person for yet
couple months ago they were saying that
it's hard to bring those places and
three experience to the president for
and that's why they don't have backwards
compatibility now all of a sudden these
guys can change it from a game has made
the Cell processor to work in the
patient for so easily I find a problem
there and also you need to ask yourself
this question if it's so easy to be
parted on to the position for
then why were the most of the places in
three games able to be ported to pc why
exposed